tonight we'll make a shish kebab fish
and we make with the scallops shrimp and
we got a sweet red pepper onion it
zucchini not we see the fish the shrimp
and scallops are totally like this is a
little hot pepper salt same thing to do
with this pepper zucchini honey I'm in
the salt make this all together
does anything I do with the shrimp with
the scallops just make us it together
like this
yeah do this on the barbecue I used this
cane not born when he go on a barbecue
if we start with piss on your scallops
pepper
zucchini maybe show the watch when you
stick it in it did not go on to your
finger
yeah I put one of the shrimp now we
start the began with a pepper scallops
Anya shrimp that's what you gotta do and
you make a big you won the container
with the same thing all the time at the
end of the days I've got over here black
pepper lemon oil after what you do
before you put on the barbecue you wet
with a brush like this at one time
that's a dama you put on a barbecue it
disappear ready five six minutes this
should be ready the public kids who
really are Taft I'll show you outside
it's almost a 500 degree fish is ready
shrimp scallops pepper zucchini the
onion okay now the barbecue it's of 500
degree
yes
and now we're closed
okay let's check it is shush have a fish
over here shrimp it is scallops oh look
at this
come on baby look at that all right let
me see now
I wanna try let me try one of the shrimp
oh boy
and really good you see by the jumbo
shrimp and good a big scallops it's
really good good tester but I forgot
something I gotta go get my wine I don't
want nobody come pray if they say what
happened except for a spark you know got
no wine tonight I'll go get it
waiter for me I cannot go for my glass
wine Mouton cadet the French wine it's
really good wine a dry wine okay
I have really good I don't whine and
make it be good it makes me strong